# ConsumerComplaint
To do this challenge, I decided that total number of complaints isn't a good indicator of overall quality on its own (it's probably a better indicator of how large the company is), so instead I decided to base it off of what percentage of the total complaints were disputed or not responded to in a timely fashion. What this script does is two things: it shows a basic bar chart of the top 20 results (based off of an average of percent disputed and percent not responded in a timely fashion) as well as creating a file which contains all of the results. This happens at two different granularities: total for the company and total for the company by sub-product. I also provided variables so that a person can filter the results by state/s, sub-product/s, and company/ies.

If I would have had more time, I would have explored four different things. The first thing I would have explored would be the trend of the complaint data. If a company has had fewer complaints and better responses recently, it may be a better indicator that that company would be recommended. Another thing I would have explored would be the product categories. Some products may be better indicators of performance and some categories would be more relevant at the State level and some would be more relevant at the national level. The third thing I would have looked at is trying to get some more data about the size of the companies. As I mentioned above, total complaints isn't a very good indicator of performance, but a percentage of total complaints by size of the company probably would be. Bringing in user review data would probably also be helpful. The final thing I would look at is that in the script I filter out companies that have had less than ten reviews (unless the company is specified in the company parameter). That is an arbitrary number that I picked, and I would like to have explored that a bit more.

If I had more time, I also would have cleaned up the script a little bit by adding some comments and possibly better formatting. I also would have made the charts a bit more aesthetically appealing.

I have included the python script as well as examples of the two file outputs.
